.
Let's fucking do this.
Come on.
More pulling.
More getting mortal.
More fights.
What are you fucking on about?
Things are about to go crazy.
Let the chaos begin.
Why?
It's fucking time Holly
knew the truth.
Tell me fucking what?
Bullshit.
Don't you fucking lie!
I need to get out.
He's not tried to explain himself.
I'm obviously not worth fighting for.
(cries hysterically)
I should have a degree in pulling.
I'd never kiss anyone
without a six-pack.
Hardest graft I've done is me hair.
I'm a natural beauty.
Real boobs, real hair.
I'm gonna tear the place up.
I'm totally crackers, me, like.
I'm preened to perfection.
I'm colourful
and full of mischief.
I'm fake, flirty and got double Fs.
I'm gonna get everyone feisty.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
Last night was the worst night
of my entire life.
I've lost the lad who I potentially
saw some kind of future with
and I've lost the girl who's been
there for me through everything.
And I don't know
how I'm gonna get through this.
What the fuck happened last night?
Everyone was absolutely buzzing.
That turned quickly, didn't it?
Last night was wicked until
we got back, then all of a sudden,
World War fucking three.
Last night, Kyle should have told
Holly exactly where she stands.
Instead, he ran away. Dickhead.
I've woke up this morning
and I'm just so scared
because Holly's downstairs
and I'm upstairs
and I really don't think she's ever
gonna forgive us for what happened.
I'm angry at Charlotte.
I'm so angry.
She knew that he'd said those things
behind my back
and to find out like that
was just absolutely heartbreaking.
What I did came from a good place.
I just wanted to make things better.
I wanted to be a good friend.
I didn't mean to break her heart.
(sighs)
He is the one who ran away.
He walked off.
I begged him, I screamed it.
I begged him.
I can see that Holly's broken
and this is all because of Kyle.
Kyle's left her. I don't know how
we're gonna get the old Holly back.
I just need to know once and for all.
Are we gonna
make a go of this or not?
Because... I can't deal
with this any more.Yeah.
Not once did I pressure Kyle into
doing something he wasn't ready for.
But right now, I am that low that
I couldn't give a fuck what happens.
I just need to know where I stand.
I'm so sorry.
I know that Kyle was the one
to walk out last night.
But I need to know where I stand,
so I'm gonna ring him.
Hiya.
Er, yeah. Where are ya?
OK, well, I think we need to talk.
Kyle's saying that he wants to see me
alone away from the house.
It would be a good idea to talk, but
I'm terrified of what he's gonna say.
"See you in a little while."
Bye."Bye."
(phone rings)
Phone's going,
I know who it's gonna be.
If she's thinking about sending us
to work, she can swivel.
"Hi, Charlotte."
Hiya.
"I've got a very special tash-o-gram
today."Oh, God, right, OK.
Shock, it's work, and yes!
I'm not going.
Do the work wave
when you're not at work.
Booyakasha.
So work today is a tash-o-gram
in a call centre
for a lady's 40th birthday.No.
I can see Gary
and Aaron's faces already
and I've not even told them
that it's then going to work yet.
In... your... face.
I think she's picked the perfect two
people for the job. Gary and Aaron.
(laughter)
A 40th fucking birthday,
at a call centre.
This is my worst nightmare.
Oh, I am fucking dreading this.
Charlotte is clearly loving this
but what she doesn't realise is
giving a MILF a good time on her 40th
is right up my street.
It's a strip-o-gram!
Nah.
Anna hasn't done well at all.
All I can see is a fucking leather
thong. Fucking pervy bitch.
Go and try them on.
We're dressed to impress.
We'll grab the flowers, chocolates
and champagne and head out.
Ooh! Sexy!
Walking through reception
and down the corridor,
I am so nervous.
Hands are starting to shake.
I just want this to go smoothly.
I'm sweating
and I've got not clothes on.
Joanne!
It's your birthday.
(laughter)
We find Joanne and thank fuck.
She looks just as embarrassed
as we are.
Thank you.
Joanne's made the call.
Time to get the pants off.
But we're going commando.
This could go terribly wrong.
You're pulling me hips in two.
Fuck me. Joanne's keen. She's nearly
ripped me apron and me pants off!
That's not part of the deal.
Keep your hands to yourself.
Joanne wants to spank me
with a massive ruler.
Why did I open me mouth?
Joanne is one kinky MILF.
She's tapping away at Aaron's arse
getting harder, but the last one,
she is winding up like...
Oh!
Joanne's got a bit over-excited. She
hit us so hard the ruler snapped.
Anna better be paying me double
for this!
Happy birthday.Kiss.
Thank you. See you later.
Job done. This is one birthday she
won't forget, neither will my arse.
I'm about to go and meet Kyle
and I've never been more nervous
for anything in my entire life.
I feel as though
this is make or break.
(both) Oh... my... God!
Wow, that is gorgeous.
Wowzer.Do you think?
You look like
you're going to the Oscars.
Holly has literally
took me breath away.
She looks unbelievably stunning.
I'm so worried she's not gonna get
the answer she wants.
If he's gonna break up with us I'm
gonna make... it very damn hard.
I know.
The things is it's like... prepare
for the worst and hope for the best.
If Kyle says he wants to break up,
the only think
I can think of to say is why?
Why have we been fighting so much?
Why the fuck have I put myself
through so much stress?
I've been fighting for nothing.
It's like make or break, innit?
Are you nervous?Never been more
nervous of anything in me life.
I feel so bad cos I feel helpless.
There's nothing we can say to Holly.
It's out of our control.
The ball is in Kyle's court.
Oh, God. (sighs)
She's practically shaking.
I am so scared for her.
Every single hope is pinned
onto this one meeting with Kyle,
I just hope it doesn't go wrong.
I feel physically sick.
My instinct is telling me
we're gonna finish.
I don't know how
I'm gonna deal with it.
I'm really nervous about tonight.
I don't know how I'm gonna feel
when I see Holly.
When I spoke to Kyle on the phone,
he didn't sound good,
which isn't leading me
to be positive about this.
I didn't expect things to go
this far between me and Holly.
I didn't expect to have
to deal with her past.
I've never ever felt like this before
I don't know what way it's gonna go.
All I can feel is my heart beating
inside my chest. I'm just so scared.
Hi.
I walk in and I know
that I look amazing,
and Kyle can't look me in the eye
and that's when I know... it's over.
I didn't.
OK.
I've put Holly through enough.
She deserves to know how I feel.
I'm gonna be honest.
Your past does bother us.
You knew about my past before you
started getting involved with us.
I know, but I didn't think
I'd get in this deep.
It's my fault more than yours.
It's totally my fault. I'm sorry.
I've been through this moment
a million times in me head
but now I'm here I don't know
if I can do it.
I'm gripped onto my chair.
All I want him to do
is put me out of my fucking misery.
Are you gonna finish with me?
Just fucking say it!
All I can think about is Holly.
Fingers crossed.
I just want her to be happy.
I'm always buzzing for a night out,
time to hit the toon.
Tonight's gonna be unreal.
Everyone's gonna get fucking mortal.
My plan is to get as pissed
as possible as soon as possible
just in case it's bad news
for Holly and Kyle.
None of us can concentrate. All we
are thinking about is Holly and Kyle
(sighs)
Just fucking say it!
Something just feels really,
really different tonight.
Kyle can't look at me. I feel sick.
My gut's telling me that it's over.
I'm fucking terrified.
Erm...
I just think to meself,
fuck this house, fuck Anna,...
...fuck my past and fuck your past.
I want you as me girlfriend. I want
ya as me lass. What do you say?
Yes.
(laughs)
Oh, my God.
(screams) I've got a boyfriend,
I've got a boyfriend.
Go Holly, Go Holly.
You got a boyfriend, oh, yeah!
Oh, God, I've never been so scared
in me entire life.
For the first time in me life
I've got a girlfriend.
This has been a big decision for me.
I didn't know if I could deal with
Holly's past but I wanna be with her
I genuinely thought
that you were gonna end it.
I can't begin to describe how I feel.
I can't wait to get to the club and
introduce everyone to my boyfriend.
We're trying to have a good night,
but the atmosphere feels on edge.
We're just worrying to see what's
gonna happen with Holly and Kyle.
Now that me and Kyle are actually
boyfriend and girlfriend,
we think we should play a game on
everybody and pretend he's ended it.
Oh, no, no, no.
Holly's just walked in and she looks
fucking devastated. Kyle's a prick.
He's finished with her.
That's tonight ruined.
What the fuck? Holly's in tears.
Kyle is a dick for finishing with my
friend when she looks that good.
Haha! Just kidding!
You fucking dickhead.
Yes!
You dick!
Kyle walks in smiling.
These two are having us on. Pricks.
(screaming)
I can't believe it.
Kyle and Holly are finally together.
They're finally boyfriend
and girlfriend!
(cheering)
I'm pleased we're good,
but there's one more person in
this relationship to make happy.
Oh, God, Kyle's pulled us aside,
this could get awkward.
It's the first time we've spoke
since our argument.
Well, this is good!
Kyle's apologising,
and then I'll apologise
and everything will be fine.
So I was right. It was me
who got Holly and Kyle together.
I am the reason they're so happy.
This is the best night
in Geordie Shore, ever.
I'm glad me and Charlotte are
friends, even without Holly,
I'll always look out for her because
she's like me little sister.
Yes, I do fancy Scott. What's your
problem? You probably do too.
I love taking the piss out of Chloe.
I fucking love her.
Here, Nathan, stop being so cheeky.
When Scott comes back, he's mine.
Love is in the air tonight. I've
been sucked in by Marnie again.
It doesn't really matter
what Aaron tells us.
I still end up kissing him anyway.
I thought I got away with that.
Marnie and Aaron are all over
each other. Get on with it!
I'm sick of seeing them touch each
other's flesh. Just fucking shag!
Gary's smashed. I've
never seen him this drunk before.
He's saying all of his words wrong.
Normally, Gary's quite intelligent.
But I'm the brainy one here.
Winning!
I don't know
what's got into us tonight.
I am missing Scott and I wanna pull.
Marnie, you're looking fit tonight!
Chloe's necking on with us.
I'm gonna go along with it.
She's the only person
I haven't kissed.
I've had a wicked night,
time to head home.
But I'm not sure if I can get there
without a bit of extra attention.
I'm far too scared to even look in
the back to see what they're doing.
I really am.
Shit! Is that a fucking foot?
We're on the way home.
But I just can't wait.
A little bit of foreplay won't hurt,
will it?
No, please, don't do that now.
It's not fair. I'm getting horny.
Yous, not in the taxi!
(screams)
I don't know why they're so shocked.
We're boyfriend and girlfriend now.
Oh, my God. I'm gonna start crying.
Oh, my fuck! Shit!
Holly and Kyle are acting
like it's a porno.
There's dicks
and fannies everywhere.
It's the cock! I don't wanna look,
Chloe, cos I get nervous
and then I'll start crying
and when I cry I can't stop.
Shit, I'm jealous!
Why are you saying keep going?
I can hear sloppy noises
and moaning.
Could they not wait
till we get back?
This isn't real. This isn't real.
This is not, definitely real.
I've been scarred for life
in that taxi.
I've just had the worst taxi ride
of my fucking life!
Holly was sucking Kyle off.
Nathan, welcome. Welcome
to the Geordie Shore house, mate.
There is no time to waste.
Me and Kyle will
christen this relationship.
(moaning)
Everyone is absolutely smashed.
I can barely see,
but I know what I want.
Oh, my God!
Can't keep our hands off each other.
It's an Aaron and Marnie night.
Everyone's snoozed-up to the max.
Wakey-fucking-wakey
cos Turbo-dick's back!
Oi-oi!(screaming)
Wakey, wakey!
I was having the best dream ever
and then Scott's bouncing on me bed!
What the fuck is going on?
Oh, you fucking prick.
Chloe, what the fuck is that?
Why have you been gone for so long?
Scott's back with a bang.
I wouldn't expect it any other way.
Proper fight over Aaron.
I've only been away
for a couple of weeks
but it feels like
fucking five years.
What have I missed?
Everything.
It's about time
that Holly and Kyle got together.
Kyle's a twat for making her
wait this long, but he got there.
What's gaaning on here, like?
So I've walked in the lads' bedroom,
and Marnie's in my bed with Aaron.
Maybe she wanted to play with Aaron
while smelling me.
What the fuck?!
Hi.
Fucking hell, Scott's back. The peace
and quiet was nice while it lasted.
Fucking hell,
you're fresh this morning!
I'm fucking buzzing to be back.
I thought I might as well organise
a massive surprise for everyone.
We've got a big day. I've organised
this event for everyone to do.
It's an activity, and you're gonna
fucking love it.
Scott's got a surprise for all.
I wonder what the fuck it is.
I'm nervous. I am nervous.
You should be a little bit.
Pack their shit,
wash their fannies
cos Scotty-T has got
a massive surprise.
And for once, it's not me chod.
Scott's been back two minutes,
and he's got a surprise.
Fuck knows what we're in for.
God knows where we're going.
I'm holding out
for some kind of take-away
drive-thru.
Just fucking tell wuh.
They're gonna be fucking buzzing
their dicks off when they find out.
I thought, "Fuck it! Why don't
I book everyone a fucking skydive?"
Cannot jump out of a plane.
I'm sorry.
Who in their right mind wants
to fling themselves out of a plane?
Before we go,
we need to do training.
But how much training do you need?
Before we start,
is anyone over 15 stone?
Unfortunately,
you won't be able to jump.
I can't fucking believe it.
I am too fat to fly.
I could cry.
Aw.
It looks like someone else
won't be doing the skydive
because Nathan ate all the pies.
I don't want ya to die!
We've only just got together.
I'm absolutely terrified,
but I've got Kyle by my side,
and if he can do it, I can do it.
Once I'm up in that plane,
I could bottle it.
Sometimes I wonder why I fancy
Aaron. He's a little pussy.
The plane's going up.
It feels like I'm going on holiday.
I've got a man strapped to my back
and I'm about to throw meself out
at 10,000 fucking feet.
Fuck man! What am I doing?
Fucking hell.
We've been waiting all day to do
this, I can't wait. I'm buzzing.
Oh, my God!
I'm the first to jump.
This shit just got real.
Doors have opened,
Gary is at the edge.
Gary, Gary, Gary, Gary!
There's no turning back.
I fucking love this shit.
This is better
than my first ever threesome!
(gasps)
(screaming)
(screams)
This is fucking unbelievable!
Why don't I do this every day?
I'm crying with happiness.
It's like nothing I've felt before.
Let's go!
Is it a bird? Is it a plane?
Nah! It's Scotty fucking T.
I can't describe this feeling.
Feels like I've jumped out
of a plane from mid-air!
It's amazing! Possibly the best
feeling I've ever had in me life.
I'm really glad that my arse
is fucking colossal,
because it's gonna break my fall.
What a first day in a relationship!
I jumped out of a plane
with me girlfriend!
Even though it's one of the
scariest things I've ever done,
Scott's idea was wicked.
I'm so glad that I organised this
for everyone.
I've missed my Geordie Shore family
and what better way to show them?
Even though me and Nathan didn't do
it, I still enjoyed watching yous.
I'm proud of yous all for jumping.
Very proud of you.
Today's been amazing and everyone
could not be in a better mood.
We need to get home,
get ready and get to town.
We are all raring to hit the town for
the last time, and it's gonna go off.
Last night's family night
and there's certain rules.
You're not allowed to pull.
Unless, in the family.
If Scott give me the option tonight,
I might give him a chance.
So do you like him, Chloe?
Like who? Scott. A bit.
Do you think you're gonna go out
with a bang then?Maybe.
I think you might.
I think there's a good possibility.
The girls have finished me make-up.
They've done a canny good job.
Chloe, you look amazing.
Scott won't be able to keep
his mitts off me tits tonight.
Everyone, cheers! The last fucking
night!Come on!(cheering)
Buzzing for our last night as
a family, let's fucking do this.
Going in the house
I was a nervous fucking wreck,
but I couldn't have hoped
for better.
Everyone's dancing, getting smashed,
drinks flowing.
This is how it should be.
It's our last night.
Chloe seems to have started
a dance-off.
Honey, if you wanna be shown
how to move, step aside.
Everyone's giving this
their best shot.
Move aside, I'm coming through.
Gary comes in and does this stupid
fucking shuffle. Anyone can do that!
Try twerking upside down, bitch.
Everyone's dancing ridiculously.
I fucking love these guys.
Maybe because it's family night
and the options are limited,
or that Chloe's looking canny fit,
by the end of the night she'll find
her selfie on the end of my stick.
I don't want to like Scott,
but he's being sweet,
and it's making us like him more.
It wouldn't be a last night without
a champagne spray. Party time!
The time has come to go home,
but the party is gonna continue.
Everybody knows, the best way to end
a night is with a kebab! Cheers.
Everyone raise your kebab
to the family!
Cheers!
It's the first time I've ever done
a toast with kebab, but it's class.
We're having so much fun.
To the hot tub!
(laughter)
Shit!
I've haven't been out here
without falling on me arse.
I stink of kebab so while everyone
goes in the hot tub I'm going to bed.
It's amazing how much we can fall
out, argue and fight in this house,
but we'll still come back together
as a family.
I love these people so much.
After tomorrow it's gonna be so hard
waking up without them.
Chloe,
we've had a lot of fun in here.
I've loved every single moment. I'm
absolutely gutted to be going home.
Slumber party!
We're having so much fun.
So we're going to the boys' room
for a slumber party.
How cute is this?
We're all in the same room,
everyone's getting along.
A great end.
I'm happy.
I've had the best night ever.
Everyone's in the boys' room,
but there's only one way
me and Holly wanna end the night,
in bed together.
I knew there was a reason why me
and Kyle had to be together.
He knows how I like to be woken up.
(moans)
Marnie's left the room,
so me and Gary swap beds.
She is gonna have
the shock of her life.
(laughter)
These boys are arseholes.
I've left the room for two seconds
and they're playing pranks on us.
Everyone's tired
and wants to go to sleep.
I'm sleeping next to Scotty T.
I'm buckled and next thing, me pipe
finds itself in Chloe's mouth.
I wish the lads would shut up.
How's Chloe supposed to talk
and suck me off?
She's not that clever!
I've completed me first BJ, I feel
mint. I go to see if he enjoyed it.
The fucker's asleep.
Better sort meself out.
(whirring)
Have you brought
your vibrator in here? Yeah.
I'm trying to get to sleep
and all I can hear is, mmmmmmmmm.
She's actually not joking,
I can hear it vibrating.
(whirring)
Kyle, what the fuck's in me hair?
I've woken up next to Kyle this
morning and I am absolutely dying.
Last night was amazing.
I can't believe it's the end.
You have a little bit of kebab.
Oh.
Chloe...
Last night you were sucking dick.
No, I wasn't. Yeah, you were.
Chloe's a liar. She likes the D
in her mouth. Scott got lucky.
(all chanting) Chloe sucks dick!
Chloe sucks dick!
Could you tell
it was her first time?
Scott's beefing me blow job tekkers.
That's the last time I'm going near
his German sausage.
You're a liar!
It's always so depressing
and so difficult packing to leave.
I'm gonna hate
not being here tomorrow.
The thing about the house
is some people go and some come,
but one thing remains the same.
We're a family and we're mad.
Yeah.
I feel I've inherited a new family.
I've gained four new brothers
and four new sisters.
And I'm buzzing.
I feel a bit emotional.
Aw.
I was so nervous coming in,
in case yous didn't like us.
But yous have been so welcoming.
Yeah.
I can't believe the time's up.
It's gone so quick.
It's been the best experience
of me life. I'm gonna miss everyone.
These aren't mine!
These aren't my knickers.
Stop lying, they are so yours.
They are not my knickers.
Me and Charlotte, once again,
have been through so much.
I wanna make sure everything is OK.
This time round, it has been
obviously different for us.Yeah.
Telling her I had a girlfriend
was the hardest thing
I've ever had to do in this house.
Do you think Lillie's the one?
I would not be with a girl I didn't
see a future, you know what I mean?
I didn't think I'd ever accept
the fact that Gary had a girlfriend.
But I'm gonna have
to get used to it.
We're all packed. I can't believe
it's that time again.
Do yous feel part of the family?
Yeah. Yeah.
You've both came out of your
shell so quick. You've done amazing.
Been dead nice.
(laughter)
I'm gutted to be leaving
the house first.
It's gonna be weird
not seeing their faces.
I'm gonna get lonely.
Oh. I think I'm gonna cry.
I don't wanna go, despite
the fights and the arguments,
I'm leaving with a group
of best friends.
Give us a kiss, Chlo.
Erm, what about mine?
(laughs) Come 'ere.
Come 'ere.
It's been a rollercoaster. It's a
ride I'd get on over and over again.
I'm gonna get off anyway now, crew.
I'm pure devastated
to be leaving again.
These fuckers are my brothers
and sisters. I'm gonna miss them.
Bye, Scotty T!
Wicked.
Bye, Scott.
Kyle, let's say bye to our bedroom
one last time.
I'm proud of us. I don't think
we've argued that much.Fuck off.
This has been so much fun.
I wouldn't change it for the world.
You never know maybe next time,
yous might even have sex.(laughter)
It's gotta happen one time.
Nah.
No!What?
(laughter)
Marnie's pretending she doesn't
want us, but we know she does.
Stop trying to play cool, you
fucking idiot. Bye. See you later.
Right, fuck off now, both of you.
(laughter)
I'm gutted to be leaving
this mad house
and these idiots that I love so much,
but it's time to go.
Aaron, get your bag. We're off.
See yous later.
(all) Bye.
It's time to leave and I'm gutted.
When I leave, I'm leaving
all me best mates behind.
It's been a journey for us three.
Yeah.
We've all been through a lot.
Three best friends.Oh, God!
Oh, God, now I'm gonna cry.
It's hard because there's been times
I've wanted to leave.
But when we're actually going,
I don't wanna leave at all.
I don't want it all to be over.
We'll all have each other, won't we?
Yeah.
So am I.
I went into that house with Holly
and Kyle being me best friends.
We argued to the point where I
didn't think we'd be close again.
But we're walking out of that house,
closer than ever.
Bye, I love you.
Love you as well. Love yous both.
I'll miss ya.
I'll miss yous.
Me and Holly
have had our ups and downs,
but we've come through
stronger than ever.
We've never been in a relationship,
so who knows what the future holds?
Want us to get your case?
Yeah.
I have had so many ups
and downs in this house.
I left
and thought I'd never come back.
But fucking hell, I've had
the best time of my entire life.
(screaming)
Hello?
What the hell?
Bambi on ice has just arrived!
Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
Let's get fucking buckled.
Come on, Gaz, get your dick out.
We've been shagging, a lot.
(moaning)
We are gonna meet
Gary Beadle's girlfriend.
Die, Lillie, die!
Fuck it!
What an absolute cake buzz.
I've met someone else.
(sniffs)
This is the one and only time
me heart has been broken by Gary.
I have liked you
more than you have ever liked me.
I've made a decision to leave here.
I fucking love you, right?
Dead fucking silence.
(sobs)
Bye, James. I'll miss ya.
I'll miss you too.
All I've ever known
is Geordie Shore.
I want you as me girlfriend.
I want you as me lass.Oh, my God!
Me fucking fanny
has slipped out me undercrackers.
.